>>> BREAKING NEWS
TONIGHT, GROWING
PRESSURE ON THE FAA
OVER WHETHER TO FOLLOW
OTHER COUNTRIES AND
GROUND BOEING'S NEWEST
PLANE AFTER THE SECOND
ONE IN LESS THAN FIVE
MONTHS STRUGGLES TO
STAY IN THE AIR AND
PLUNGES TO EARTH,
KILLING ALL ABOARD.
>> OF COURSE THE BIG
QUESTION HERE PEOPLE
WANT TO KNOW IS WHAT
CAUSED IT.
>> TONIGHT, WHAT
AIRLINES HERE ARE
SAYING AS THE BLACK
BOXES ARE FOUND.
>>> ALSO BREAKING
TONIGHT, HOUSE SPEAKER
NANCY PELOSI SAYS SHE
IS NOT FOR IMPEACHING
PRESIDENT TRUMP, WHY
SHE SAYS SHE'S AGAINST
IT EVEN AS SOME IN HER
PARTY DEMAND IT NOW.
>>> THE BIGGEST
COCAINE BUST IN 25
YEARS, HOW THE FEDS
INTERCEPTED IT AS THEY
WARN IT'S A SIGN OF A
DANGEROUS COMEBACK.
>>> THE MEASLES
OUTBREAK SPREADS AGAIN
AS DOCTORS AGAIN URGE
PARENTS TO GET THEIR
CHILDREN VACCINATED.
>>> OUTRAGE AFTER
POLICE ENTER A
HOSPITAL ROOM TO
SEARCH THE PRIVATE
BELONGINGS OF A
TERMINAL CANCER
PATIENT.
COPS LOOKING FOR
MARIJUANA.
>>> THE ZOO TAKING NEW
ACTION TONIGHT AFTER A
WOMAN'S DANGEROUS
SELFIE LEFT HER MAULED
BY A JAGUAR.
>> OH MY GOD, I CANNOT
BELIEVE THAT JUST
HAPPENED.
>>> SO MANY PEOPLE
TIRED AND TICKED OFF
OVER THAT LOST HOUR OF
SLEEP, AND YOU MAY BE
AMONG THOSE ASKING WHY
ISN'T DAYLIGHT SAVING
TIME PERMANENT.
A MAJOR PUSH TO MAKE
THAT HAPPEN.
>>> AND A REFUGEE DAD
WITH A DONUT SHOP AND
AN AMERICAN DREAM.
ALL THAT WAS MISSING
WAS THE CUSTOMERS.
TONIGHT, THE LOVING
SON AND THE COMMUNITY
THAT CAME TO THE
RESCUE.
>>> THIS IS "NBC
NIGHTLY NEWS" WITH
LESTER HOLT, GOOD
EVENING, EVERYONE,
AIRLINES AROUND THE
WORLD HOLDING THEIR
BREATH TONIGHT, OTHERS
TAKING NO CHANCES AND
ARE GROUNDING THEIR
FLEETS OF BOEING 737,
8 MAX JETS, WHILE
AWAITING THE WORD OF
THE CAUSE OF
YESTERDAY'S CRASH IN
ETHIOPIA THAT KILLED
157 PEOPLE.
THE URGENT QUESTION,
DID THE NEW JET SUFFER
THE SAME FATE AS THAT
OF ANOTHER 737 MAX IN
INDONESIA LAST OCTOBER
UNDER SIMILAR
CIRCUMSTANCES.
TONIGHT WITH BOTH OF
THE ETHIOPIAN PLANES
BLACK BOXES NOW
RECOVERED, WE COULD
KNOW SOON WHETHER THE
CRASH WAS AN ANOMALY
OR WHETHER THERE WAS
AN UNRESOLVED ISSUE
WITH BOEING'S HOT
SELLING NEW MODEL.
OUR TOM COSTELLO HAS
THE LATEST.
>> Reporter: IT'S ONE
OF THE MOST
SOPHISTICATED, BEST
SELLING PLANES IN THE
WORLD BUT TONIGHT THE
FAA IS UNDER INTENSE
PRESSURE AS
PASSENGERS, PILOTS AND
AIRLINES ASK WHETHER
THE BOEING 737 MAX 8
IS SAFE AFTER TWO
CRASHED IN FIVE
MONTHS.
ON THE GROUND IN
ETHIOPIA, THE CHARRED
REMAINS OF ET FLIGHT
302, HEADED FOR
NAIROBI KENYA CRASHED
SIX MINUTES AFTER
TAKING OFF FROM ADDIS
ABABA.
MOMENTS AFTER THE
PILOT DECLARED AN
EMERGENCY.
DATA TRANSMITTED BY
THE PLANE SHOWED VERY
ERRATIC VERTICAL SPEED
AS THE CREW STRUGGLED
TO CONTROL THE PLANE,
EERILY SIMILAR TO THE
CRASH OF LION AIR
FLIGHT 610 LAST
OCTOBER.
THAT PLANE ALSO A
BOEING MAX 8.
22 AIRLINES AND A
HANDFUL OF COMPANIES
INCLUDING ETHIOPIAEN
SKY NEWS REPORTER IS
AT THE SCENE.
>> Reporter: THE BIG
QUESTION HERE IS HAS
THE SAME THING
HAPPENED OR IS IT JUST
A STATISTICAL ANOMALY
THAT WE HAVE HERE, TWO
OF THE SAME AIRCRAFT
CRASHING IN A SHORT
PERIOD OF TIME.
>> Reporter:
INVESTIGATORS IN
ETHIOPIA HAVE
RECOVERED THE PLANE'S
BLACK BOXES.
THEY'LL LOOK FOR
INDICATIONS THE PILOTS
STRUGGLED WITH THE
TRIM OF THE AIRCRAFT,
HOLDING IT LEVEL.
A PRELIMINARY
INVESTIGATION INTO THE
CRASH IN INDONESIA
SUGGESTS THOSE PILES
STRUGGLE TO PULL THE
NOSE UP AS A
MALFUNCTIONING
COMMUTER PROGRAM
PUSHED THE NOSE DOWN.
THE INDONESIAN PILOTS
WERE NOT INFORMED THAT
THE NEW SYSTEM ON THE
MAX, KNOWN AS MCAS,
BOEI
BOEING INSISTING ALL
737 PILOTS SHOULD HAVE
KNOWN HOW TO DISENGAGE
THE SYSTEM.
>> I IMMEDIATELY TURN
OVER THE SWITCHES AND
CUT THE MOTOR OUT.
AND AS YOU CAN SEE, IT
STOPPED THE TRIM.
>> Reporter: MANY U.S.
AIRLINES AND PILOTS
COMPLAINED BOEING
NEVER TOLD THEM OF THE
NEW SYSTEM.
BOEING HAS SINCE SENT
OUT BULLETINS TO MAX
PILOTS INFORMING THEM
OF HOW TO REACT.
MANY VETERAN PILOTS
SAY IN AN ACTUAL
EMERGENCY, THEY'RE NOT
SURE THEY'D REMEMBER.
>> AS A PILOT, I'D
FEEL VERY AWKWARD OR
UNCOMFORTABLE ABOUT
FLYING THIS AIRPLANE
KNOWING THAT THAT
POTENTIAL IS OUT THERE
UNTIL THIS
INVESTIGATION RUN ITS
COURSE.
>> Reporter:
WORLDWIDE, THERE ARE
354 MAXES IN SERVICE.
FLOWN IN NORTH AMERICA
BY AIR CANADA,
AMERICAN, SOUTHWEST,
WEST JET, AND SUN
WING.
UNITED FLIES THE MAX
9, A LONGER VERSION OF
THE SAME PLANE.
TODAY THOSE AIRLINES
SAID THEY'RE WATCHING
THE INVESTIGATION BUT
SO FAR, THE 737 MAX
HAS BEEN VERY
RELIABLE.
BOEING SAYS IT HAS NO
NEW GUIDANCE FOR THE
AIRLINES BUT
UNDERSCORED SAFETY IS
OUR NUMBER ONE
PRIORITY, AND WE ARE
TAKING EVERY MEASURE
TO FULLY UNDERSTAND
ALL ASPECTS OF THIS
ACCIDENT.
WORKING CLOSELY WITH
THE INVESTIGATING TEAM
AND ALL REGULATORY
AUTHORITIES INVOLVED.
AMONG THE EIGHT
AMERICANS WHO DIED IN
ETHIOPIA, GEORGETOWN
LAW STUDENT, CEDRIC, ,
FLYING TO KENYA FOR
HIS FIANCE'S MOTHER'S
FUNERAL.
>> SEDRICK WAS AT
HEART FULL OF
HOSPITALITY.
HE MADE THEM FEEL
WELCOMED AND AT HOME
IMMEDIATELY.
>> Reporter: MEANWHILE
WITH OTHER COUNTRIES
AND AIRLINES GROUNDING
THE PLANE, THE F  A
SAYS ITS TEAM IS IN
ETHIOPIA AND IF WE
IDENTIFY AN ISSUE THAT
AFFECTS SAFETY, THE
FAA WILL TAKE
IMMEDIATE AND
APPROPRIATE ACTION.
>> PRESSURE IS ON THE
FAA, THE WORLD'S
REGULATORS ARE
LOOKING, WE NEED TO
GET THE DATA FROM THE
BLACK BOXES AND WE
NEED TO GET IT SOON.
>> Reporter: LATE
TODAY, THE F A, A SAID
IT EXPECTS TO ISSUE
URGENT DESIGN CHANGES
FOR THE 737 MAX 8 BY
THE END OF APRIL.
MEANWHILE, BOEING'S
CEO SAYS THEY ARE
CONFIDENT IN THE 737
MAX SAFETY RECORD, AND
THEY ARE IN FACT
URGING AND IMPROVING,
I SHOULD SAY, THE
SUPPORT FOR THE TEAM.
LESTER.
>> YOU HAVE COVERED A
LOT OF THESE.
YOU KNOW INVESTIGATORS
LIKE TO BE METHODICAL
AND NOT BE RUSHED BUT
THERE SEEMS TO BE A
GREAT URGENCY TO GET
THE INFO FROM THE
BLACK BOXES, HOW SOON
MIGHT WE SEE A
READOUT?
>> WE HAD HOPED TO
HAVE THAT IN 48 HOURS.
IT'S UNCLEAR WHO'S
GOING TO BE THE
READOUT, WILL IT BE
THE ETHIOPIANS, THE
EUROPEANS OR WILL THE
BLACK BOXES COME TO
WASHINGTON AND THE
NTSB LAB, AND YOU'RE
RIGHT, WE'VE GOT
AIRLINES AND
GOVERNMENTS AROUND THE
WORLD DESPERATE TO
FIND OUT WHETHER
THERE'S SOME SORT OF A
FATAL FLAW WITH THIS
TOP SELLING PLANE.
>> Reporter: A LOT OF
FOLKS ANXIOUS TO KNOW
WHY.
TOM COSTELLO, THANK
YOU.
>>> MORE DEVELOPING
NEWS TONIGHT FROM
HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY
PELOSI WHO IS SPEAKING
OUT LIKE WE HAVE NEVER
HEARD HER BEFORE ON A
CONTROVERSIAL ISSUE,
IN THIS CASE, THE
POSSIBILITY OF
IMPEACHING PRESIDENT
TRUMP.
NBC'S HALLIE JACKSON
HAS MORE ON HOW HER
REMARKS COULD DIVIDE
DEMOCRATS.
>> Reporter: EVEN AS
SHE SAYS IT, HOUSE
SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI
KNOWS IT'S A HEADLINE.
I'M NOT FOR
IMPEACHMENT, THE
COUNTRY'S TOP DEMOCRAT
TELLS "THE WASHINGTON
POST" TONIGHT ADDING
THIS IS NEWS.
SHE EXPLAINS UNLESS
THERE'S SOMETHING SO
COMPELLING AND
OVERWHELMING, AND
BIPARTISAN, I DON'T
THINK WE SHOULD GO
DOWN THAT PATH BECAUSE
IT DIVIDES THE COUNTRY
AND HE'S JUST NOT
WORTH IT.
NOT EVERYONE IN HER
PARTY AGREES, POSSIBLY
SETTING UP A SHOW DOWN
WITH MORE PROGRESSIVE
DEMOCRATS LIKE
CONGRESSWOMAN RASHIDA
TLAIB.
>> BECAUSE WE'RE GOING
TO GO IN THERE AND
IMPEACH.
>> Reporter: ANOTHER
FRESHMAN, ILHAN OMAR
SAYS SHE BELIEVES
IMPEACHMENT IS
INEVITABLE, THOUGH
THAT'S HARDLY HER MOST
CONTROVERSIAL
STATEMENT.
INSTEAD IT'S HER
COMMENTS CONDEMNED BY
CRITICS AS ANTI-SE
METTIC THAT CAUGHT
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
ATTENTION AFTER THEY
PROMPTED DEMOCRATS TO
PASS A RESOLUTION
REBUKING ALL FORMS OF
HATE.
>> THE DEMOCRATS HAVE
BECOME AN ANTI-ISRAEL
PARTY.
>> Reporter: PRIVATELY
THE PRESIDENT TOOK
THAT A STEP FURTHER,
REPORTEDLY TELLING A
GROUP OF REPUBLICAN
DONORS FRIDAY,
DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH
PEOPLE.
>> YES OR NO, DOES THE
PRESIDENT TRULY
BELIEVE THE DEMOCRATS
HATE JEWS?
>> Reporter: THE PRESS
SECRETARY TODAY
DODGING REPEATEDLY.
>> THAT'S A QUESTION I
THINK YOU SHOULD ASK
DEMOCRATS WHAT THEIR
POSITION IS.
>> Reporter: YOU'RE
NOT ANSWERING THE
QUESTION IS THERE A
REASON?
>> I BELIEVE I
ANSWERED IT TWICE.
>> DOES HE REALLY
THINK DEMOCRATS HATE
JEWS?
>> Reporter: AS FOR
SPEAKER PELOSI'S
COMMENTS, SARAH
SANDE
SANDERS TELLS NBC NEWS
IMPEACHMENT SHOULD
NEVER BE ON THE TABLE
BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT
IS DOING SUCH A GREAT
JOB AND THE WHITE
HOUSE IS NOT CONCERNED
ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY
OF IMPEACHMENT ANYWAY.
>>> BREAKING NEWS FROM
THE UNITED NATIONS
WHERE EXPERTS SAY KIM
JONG UN IS EVADING
U.S. SANCTION IT IS O
CUT OFF MONEY HE USES
FOR HIS NUCLEAR AND
MISSILE PROGRAMS IN
NEW WAYS THAT SHOCKED
EVEN UN INVESTIGATORS.
ANDREA MITCHELL HAS AN
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
TONIGHT WITH THE UN'S
TOP EXPERT.
>> Reporter: TONIGHT,
KIM JONG UN HAS FOUND
NEW WAYS TO GET AROUND
UN SANCTIONS, RAKING
IN MILLIONS BY
SHIPPING COAL AND
SMUGGLING IN OIL.
>> THE TECHNIQUES
BEING USED, SOME OF
WHICH I'VE NEVER SEEN
BEFORE AND I'VE BEEN
INVESTIGATING MARITIME
TRAFFICKING AND
SMUGGLING FOR MORE
THAN 15 YEARS.
>> Reporter: THE UN
SAYS BLACKLISTED NORTH
KOREAN SHIPS ARE MAS
KWER -- ARE STEALING
ELECTRONIC TRACKING
SIGNALS FROM OTHER
SHIPS THOUSANDS OF
MILES AWAY.
>> THIS SHIP HAS
ASSUMED THE IDENTITY
OF ITS SISTER SHIP.
>> Reporter: THE NEW
UN REPORT ALSO SAYS
KIM'S NUCLEAR AND
MISSILE PROGRAMS
REMAIN IN TACT.
ONLY DAYS AFTER NEW
IMAGES SHOW KIM
REBUILDING A MISSILE
SITE HE HAD PROMISED
LAST YEAR TO
DISMANTLE.
THE ADMINISTRATION HAS
BEEN RELYING ON THE
SANCTIONS TO PRESSURE
KIM TO DISARM SAYING
HE IS DESPERATE FOR
MONEY.
BUT ACCORDING TO THE
UN, GLOBAL OIL TRADERS
AND BANKS ARE
UNWITTINGLY LETTING
NORTH KOREA EVADE
SANCTIONS.
>> THEY'RE NOT
MONITORING THE SHIPS
THAT THEY ARE EITHER
FINANCING, INSURING OR
THAT ARE CARRYING
THEIR PRODUCT.
>> Reporter: NORTH
KOREA HAS BEEN UNDER
SCRUTINY FOR THE
MURDER OF KIM JONG
UN'S EXILED HALF
BROTHER TWO YEARS AGO
IN A MALAYSIAN AIRPORT
ALLEGEDLY BY TWO WOMEN
USING NERVE GAS.
TONIGHT ONE OF THE
WOMEN WAS SUDDENLY
RELEASED FROM JAIL
AFTER THE WOMEN CLAIM
THEY WERE DUPED BY
INTELLIGENCE AGENTS
INTO THINKING THEY
WERE PART OF A REALITY
TV SHOW.
>> ANDREA MITCHELL IN
WASHINGTON THANKS.
>>> IN VENEZUELA A
CRISIS, A MASSIVE
POWER OUTAGE HAS
STRETCHED ON FOR DAYS
AND THE COUNTRY'S
EMBATTLED PRESIDENT
BLAMES THE U.S. WHILE
THE OPPOSITION WARNS
THAT PEOPLE ARE
DIAGNOSE IN THE
DARK -- DYING IN THE
DARK.
GABE GUTIERREZ HAS THE
LATEST.
>> Reporter:
THROUGHOUT PARTS OF
VENEZUELA, THE LIGHTS
ARE OUT FOR A FIFTH
STRAIGHT DAY, DOZENS
ARRESTED FOR LOOTING,
AIRPORTS AND PUBLIC
TRANSPORTATION GRIND
TO GO A HALT, AND
HOSPITALS GOING DARK.
>> Translator: WE'RE
DESPERATE WITHOUT
WATER AND ELECTRICITY
FOR MY CHILDREN.
>> Reporter: THE
BLACKOUT IS THE LATEST
CRISIS FOR A COUNTRY
IN CHAOS.
THE U.S. HAS STEPPED
UP ITS CONDEMNATION OF
EMBATTLED PRESIDENT
NICOLAS MADURO AFTER
RECOGNIZING JUAN
GUAIDO AS INTERIM
PRESIDENT.
21 PEOPLE HAVE DIED IN
HOSPITALS SINCE THE
OUTAGES BEGAN LAST
WEEK.
THE GOVERNMENT HAS
ALREADY FALLEN THIS
MAN SAYS.
MADURO BLAMES THE
BLACKOUT ON CYBER
ATTACKS BY THE U.S.
GOVERNMENT THOUGH HE'S
OFFERED NO EVIDENCE.
LATE TODAY, SECRETARY
OF STATE MIKE POMPEO
PARTLY BLAMED CUBA AND
RUSSIA FOR THE
PROBLEMS.
.
WORRIED NO ELECTRICITY
MEANS HER INSULIN WILL
BE DAMAGED.
AN UNCERTAIN FUTURE IN
A COUNTRY WHERE BASIC
SERVICES ARE SCARCE.
GABE GUTIERREZ, NBC
NEWS.
>>> STATE AND FEDERAL
AUTHORITIES ARE
DISCLOSING A MASSIVE
DRUG BUST AT THE BUSY
PORT OF NEW JERSEY IN
NEW YORK, ONE OF THE
BIGGEST IN DECADES AND
DRUG AGENTS SAY IT'S A
SIGN OF A WORRISOME
COCAINE COMEBACK.
OUR JUSTICE
CORRESPONDENT PET
WILLIAMS HAS DETAILS.
>> Reporter: THIS CELL
PHONE VIDEO SHOWS
FEDERAL AGENTS ABOUT
TO UNLOAD A REMARKABLE
FIND, 3200 POUNDS OF
COCAINE, 1.6 TONS WITH
A STREET VALUE OF
$77 MILLION.
IT WAS HIDDEN IN A
SHIPPING CONTAINER OF
DRIED FRUIT AT THE
PORT AUTHORITY OF NEW
YORK AND NEW JERSEY,
WHEN SCANS REVEALED
SOMETHING SUSPICIOUS
AND A CLOSER LOOK
TURNED UP WHITE POWDER
IN 60 PACKAGES.
IT'S THE SECOND
LARGEST SEIZURE OF
COCAINE AT THE PORT
AND THE BIGGEST IN 25
YEARS.
COCAINE USE PEAKED A
FEW DECADES AGO BUT
FEDERAL DRUG AGENTS
SAY IT'S MAKING A
COMEBACK.
>> COCAINE WAS THE
NEMESIS IN THE 90s,
BUT THIS IS
TRAFFICKERS TODAY
TRYING TO MERGE
COCAINE AND FENTANYL
TO CREATE NEW MARKETS.
>> Reporter: LIKE
OTHER DRUGS, MOST
COCAINE COMES INTO THE
U.S. ACROSS THE
SOUTHERN BORDER
THROUGH CHECK POINTS,
90% OF IT FROM
COLOMBIA, AND NOW WITH
A DANGEROUS TREND OF
MIXING IT WITH
FENTANYL, DRUG AGENTS
EXPECT TO SEE MORE BIG
SHIPMENTS LIKE THIS
ONE.
PETE WILLIAMS, NBC
NEWS, WASHINGTON.
>>> TONIGHT, THERE ARE
ALARMING NEW SIGNS IN
THIS MEASLES OUTBREAK,
GROWING IN HOT SPOTS
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
MORE MEASLES CASES
REPORTED AS DOCTORS
PLEAD WITH PARENTS TO
GET THEIR CHILDREN
VACCINATED.
WE GET DETAILS FROM
NBC'S JOE FRYER.
>> Reporter: ACROSS
THE COUNTRY TONIGHT,
MEASLES IS STILL
SPREADING.
OVER THE PAST WEEK,
THE NUMBER OF CASES
JUMPED FROM 206 TO
228, NOW IMPACTING 12
STATES.
LAST MONTH, OFFICIALS
SAY TWO PASSENGERS ON
AN INTERNATIONAL
FLIGHT TO SAN
FRANCISCO GOT MEASLES
FROM A TRAVELER WHO
PICKED UP THE DISEASE
IN ANOTHER COUNTRY.
HIT ESPECIALLY HARD,
THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST
WHERE THE SURGEON
GENERAL VISITED
COMMUNITIES WITH LOW
VACCINATION RATES.
>> WHAT I REALLY
BELIEVE IS THAT WE
NEED TO MAKE IT EASIER
TO GET A VACCINATION
THAN IT IS TO GET AN
EXEMPTION.
>> Reporter: IN
OREGON, ANOTHER CASE
OF AN UNVACCINATED
CHILD IS MAKING
HEADLINES, BUT THE
LIFE THREATENING
DISEASE IS TETANUS,
THE FIRST PEDIATRIC
CASE SEEN THERE IN
MORE THAN 30 YEARS.
ACCORDING TO A NEW CDC
REPORT, IT HAPPENED IN
2017.
A 6-YEAR-OLD BOY CUT
HIS FOREHEAD WHILE
PLAYING ON A FARM, AND
DAYS LATER HAD PAINFUL
MUSCLE SPASMS AND
LOCKJAW.
>> HE WAS VERY VERY
SICK.
WITHOUT PROPER MEDICAL
CARE, HE CERTAINLY
WOULD HAVE DIED.
>> Reporter: THE BOY
SPENT EIGHT WEEKS IN
THE HOSPITAL WITH
MEDICAL BILLS TOPPING
$800,000, YET WHEN
HEALTHY, HIS FAMILY
DECLINED FURTHER
VACCINES.
DOCTORS PUBLISHED THE
REPORT HOPING TO RAISE
AWARENESS.
JOE FRYER, NBC NEWS.
>>> IN MISSOURI, THERE
IS DISBELIEF TONIGHT
AFTER A FACEBOOK LIVE
VIDEO SHOWED POLICE
SEARCHING THE
BELONGINGS OF A CANCER
PATIENT IN END OF LIFE
CARE IN HIS HOSPITAL
ROOM, LOOKING FOR
MARIJUANA.
AFTER SOMEONE CALLED
911.
NBC'S MIGUEL ALMAGUER
HAS MORE.
>> Reporter: FROM HIS
HOSPITAL BED.
>> WHY ARE YOU DIGGING
IN THIS.
>> ARE NOLAN SOUSLEY,
BATTLING STAGE FOUR
PANCREATIC CANCER TOLD
OFFICERS HE HAD JUST
TAKEN A CANNABIS PILL
TO EASE HIS PAIN BUT
DID NOT HAVE ANY
MARIJUANA, WHICH IS
WHAT THEY WERE LOOKING
FOR.
>> WE CAN JUST SEARCH
IT, AND DECLARE
THERE'S NO MARIJUANA
IN IT.
>> I'M NOT GIVING YOU
THE BAG.
>> Reporter: OFFICERS
TOLD SOUSLEY THEY
RECEIVED A CALL ABOUT
SOMEONE SMOKING
MARIJUANA IN HIS ROOM.
HE RECENTLY STOPPED
CHEMOTHERAPY AND IS
FACING END OF LIFE
CARE.
>> IT HAS MY FINAL DAY
THINGS IN THERE.
AND NOBODY'S GOING TO
DIG IN IT.
>> I THOUGHT THEY
WOULD HAVE A LITTLE
COMPASSION.
>> Reporter: IN THE
ROOM, SOUSLEY TOLD
OFFICERS VOTERS HAD
JUST LEGALIZED
MARIJUANA IN MISSOURI.
>> THEY HAVEN'T
FINISHED THE
PAPERWORK.
BUT I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO WAIT FOR THAT.
WHAT WOULD YOU DO.
>> I'M NOT GOING TO
MAY THE WHAT IF GAME.
>> Reporter: IN A STAM
STATEMENT THE CITY
SAYS THE BOLIVAR
POLICE ACTED LAWFULLY
AND ARE USING THIS AS
AN OPPORTUNITY TO
LEARN, TEACH, CITIZENS
MEMORIAL RELEASED A
STATEMENT APOLOGIZING
TO THE FAMILY ADDING
RESPECT IS PART OF OUR
CORE VALUES AND WE
FELL SHORT OF
EXPECTATIONS.
>> HE IS SITTING HERE
FIGHTING FOR HIS LIFE,
AND THEY KNEW THAT.
>> Reporter: BACK IN
THE ROOM, POLICE
DIDN'T FIND ANY
MARIJUANA.
THE ENCOUNTER WITH A
TERMINALLY ILL PATIENT
NOW IGNITING A DEBATE
OVER COMPASSION AND
CANNABIS.
MIGUEL ALMAGUER, NBC
NEWS.
>>> WE'LL TAKE A BREAK
RIGHT HERE.
JUST AHEAD, NEW
DEVELOPMENTS TONIGHT
AFTER A TERRIFYING ZOO
ATTACK.
A WOMAN GETS TOO CLOSE
TO A JAGUAR'S CAGE TO
SNAP A SELFIE.
>>> THEN FEELING
TIRED?
THE BIG ARGUMENT OVER
DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME,
SHOULD THE U.S. SPRING
FORWARD PERMANENTLY?
>>> AND HOW
>>> NEXT TONIGHT,
WE'RE LEARNING MORE
ABOUT THE WILD SCENE
AT A PHOENIX AREA ZOO
WHERE A WOMAN WAS
ATTACKED BY A JAGUAR
AFTER WITNESSES SAY
SHE TRIED TO TAKE A
SELFIE.
HERE'S MORGAN CHESKY.
>> Reporter: IT'S THE
AFTER MATH OF A PHOTO
OP GONE TOO FAR.
A WOMAN ON THE GROUND
IN PAIN AFTER JUMPING
A BARRIER FOR A SELFIE
WITH A 5-YEAR-OLD
BLACK JAGUAR NAMED
SARAH.
>> OH, MY GOD, I
CANNOT BELIEVE THAT
JUST HAPPENED.
>> Reporter: WITNESSES
SAY THE CAT GRABBED
THE WOMAN'S ARM, NOT
LETTING GO, UNTIL
MICHELLE FLORES
DISTRACTED IT WITH A
WATER.
>> THE JAGUAR TOOK THE
WATER BOTTOM AND WILL
WENT TO THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE CAGE.
>> HER SON ADAM
CAPTURING THE SCENE ON
HIS CELL PHONE.
>> AS FAR AS A BARRIER
GOES IT'S NOT
DIFFICULT FOR SOMEBODY
THAT WANTED TO REACH
IN AND TOUCH THE CAGE.
THEY COULD DO IT
FAIRLY EASILY.
>> Reporter: THE ZOO
SAYS THE WOMAN HAS
SINCE APOLOGIZED FOR
WHAT SHE SAYS WAS A
FOOLI
FOOLISH DECISION.
>> WE DO NOT HOLD THE
JAGUAR RESPONSIBLE FOR
WHAT HAPPENED, AND IT
HAS BEEN CONCLUDED
THAT THE INJURY WAS
CAUSED DUE TO HUMAN
ERROR.
>> Reporter: THE ZOO
TELLING NBC THEY HAVE
HIRED A CONSULTANT TO
RE-EXAMINE THE
BARRIER.
>> THEY'RE WILD
ANIMALS AND IF YOU GET
TOO CLOSE, YOU WILL
PAY THE PRICE.
>> Reporter: A PAINFUL
LESSON FOR A SINGLE
PICTURE.
MORGAN CHESKY, NBC
NEWS.
>>> COMING UP, IS IT
>>> YOU'VE BEEN
FEELING A LITTLE TIRED
THIS MONDAY, CHANCES
ARE IT'S BECAUSE OF
THAT LOST HOUR THIS
WEEKEND.
TONIGHT EVERYONE FROM
THE PRESIDENT AND
PERHAPS YOUR FAMILY
AND FRIEND ARE ASKING
WHY ISN'T DAYLIGHT
SAVING TIME PERMANENT.
HERE'S KRISTEN
DAHLGREN.
>> Reporter: SPRING
FORWARD, FALL BACK,
MAYBE WE'RE JUST SLEEP
DEPRIVED, BUT DOES IT
SEEM LIKE THIS TIME
SHIFTING HAS HEADS
SPINNING.
WHO LIKES DAYLIGHT
SAVING TIME?
>> NOT US.
>> Reporter: TODAY
MANY AMERICANS HAVING
A TOUGH TIME WITH THE
TIME CHANGE.
LET'S START WITH WHAT
IT'S CALLED.
>> SAVINGS.
>> Reporter: YOU THINK
IT'S SAVINGS?
>> YES.
>> Reporter: IT'S
ACTUALLY DAYLIGHT
SAVING TIME, NO S.
WHO YOU DID IT START?
>> PEOPLE WOULD HAVE
TO GET UP EARLY TO
WORK ON THEIR FARMS.
>> Reporter: IT WASN'T
THE FARMERS.
IN WORLD WAR I, THE
GERMANS CHANGED THEIR
CLOCKS TO TRY TO SAVE
ENERGY.
AMERICA FOLLOWED SUIT,
MAKING DAYLIGHT SAVING
THE LAW OF THE LAND.
MORE THAN 30 STATES
ARE TRYING TO ADDRESS
THEIR COMPLAINTS ABOUT
THE CLOCK CONFUSION.
THERE'S AN UP TICK IN
TRAFFIC ACCIDENTS AND
HEART ATTACKS IN THE
WEEK AFTER THE CHANGE.
ARIZONA AND HAWAII
DON'T CHANGE THEIR
CLOCKS, THEY STICK TO
STANDARD TIME ALL YEAR
SO IT GETS DARK
EARLIER, BUT TO KEEP
SUMMER HOURS OR
DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME
ALL YEAR, CONGRESS
WOULD HAVE TO APPROVE.
>> THEY DON'T SEEM TO
BE ABLE TO AGREE ON
ANYTHING.
>> Reporter: AND SO IT
MAY STILL BE SOME TIME
BEFORE YOU CHANGE THAT
CLOCK FOR THE LAST
TIME.
KRISTEN DAG GREN
KRISTEN DAHLGREN, NBC
NEWS, NEW YORK.
>>> FINALLY, WHEN THIS
SMALL BUSINESS OPENED
UP SHOP, NO ONE SHOWED
UP, BUT AFTER ONE
SWEET TWEET, THEY'RE
ROLLING IN DOUGH.
HERE'S KEVIN TIBBLES.
>> Reporter: THERE WAS
A HOLE IN THE HEART OF
BILLY'S DONUTS, THE
HOUSTON AREA SHOP'S
GRAND OPENING HAD ALL
THE RIGHT INGREDIENTS
EXCEPT CUSTOMERS.
CAMBODIAN REFUGEE,
CREAM FILLED AMERICAN
DREAM WAS IN JEOPARDY,
UNTIL SON BILLY
TWEETED THIS ABOUT HIS
SAD DAD.
IN THREE DAYS, MORE
THAN A HALF MILLION
LIKES.
THAT ORIGINAL SPARSE
SPRINKLING OF
CUSTOMERS HAS NOW
GROWN OUT THE DOOR.
>> MY DAD IS BACK
THERE.
HE'S BEEN UP SINCE
2:00 A.M. MAKING
DONUTS.
>> Reporter: SPREADING
ASSORTED SMILES A
BAKERS DOZEN AT A
TIME.
>> IT WAS SO SWEET, IT
BROUGHT A TEAR TO MY
EYE.
>> THAT'S WHY I DID
IT, I WANTED TO
SUPPORT THEM, SUPPORT
WHAT HE'S DONE, AND
IT'S AWESOME.
>> Reporter: BILLY'S
DONUTS NOW SELL LIKE
HOT CAKES.
>> CHOCOLATE.
>> PINK.
>> Reporter: BUT DO
NOT DESPAIR, WHILE
BILLY SOLD OUT TODAY,
FOLKS SAY THEY WILL BE
BACK TOMORROW FOR A
COOLER OR A JELLY AND
SOME OLD FOUNDATIONED
NEIGHBORLINESS.
>> Reporter: KEVIN
TIBBLES, NBC NEWS.
>> I'LL TAKE A